pages*: add missing mnemonics (#12151)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bedtools.md

> Used to intersect, group, convert and count data in BAM, BED, GFF/GTF, VCF format.
> More information: <https://bedtools.readthedocs.io>.

- Intersect file [a] and file(s) [b] regarding the sequences' [s]trand and save the result to a specific file:

`bedtools intersect -a {{path/to/file_A}} -b {{path/to/file_B1 path/to/file_B2 ...}} -s > {{path/to/output_file}}`

- Intersect two files with a [l]eft [o]uter [j]oin, i.e. report each feature from `file1` and NULL if no overlap with `file2`:

`bedtools intersect -a {{path/to/file1}} -b {{path/to/file2}} -loj > {{path/to/output_file}}`

- Using more efficient algorithm to intersect two pre-[sorted] files:

`bedtools intersect -a {{path/to/file1}} -b {{path/to/file2}} -sorted > {{path/to/output_file}}`

> - [g]roup file `path/to/file` based on the first three and the fifth [c]olumn and apply the sum [o]peration on the sixth column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [g]roup a file based on the first three and the fifth [c]olumn and apply the sum [o]peration on the sixth column:
```
